very good condition arising we are in
minecraft 1.7 points let's see a way
that is not bad, what happens is
which is not that it's super charles and
track yes but the vision is not bad
is that we go out here and as you can see
all this full of flowers
I do not know why but it 's full of
flowers I do not know if there will be a
populated something because many times after
to record I start to investigate a
little bit and I find logical then not
It looks like we do not come out with all that
full of flowers of interest is the seed
the coordinates does not matter because I'm
right there but well this mode adds
four different creepers let's see
for example the fire
Spain is that the design is quite
pimp of us mola pile
if we put gum and zero mode
This crime is not leave you to fire beige
Let's remove so if you 're not here
I am I think it is the least dangerous
of everything really then there is the line
team kripper this more dangerous
the design is its opening have respected
a lot what is the normal clipper
this expert that we fall a thunder
that hurt a long time ago but good
I dont know
as you see a heart and a half but
Nor is it good to start has to
do hunt so very dangerous not
then you walk away
note that the thunder so here the
nuclear kripper
this gives me a little more fear
all by saco good as you see this is
far more dangerous than the expression
what it does is huge
that yes this simply this mode is
to add a little bit of difficulty to the
minecraft but the truth is that I've
I have been looking and it is not that they have left
many who have called me a lot
attention the one that catches my attention
It has been this but we have to
other days have better modes because
the other two more for example were a
mine but they were pretty cool to
true
but we have also done some
I showed creepers apart from this one that you
I will leave you I will leave you in the description the
videos we've done some and others since
about clippers and they were also very
hard but good this the speedy kripper
This gives me more fear still
let's put it there and the engines
do not
do not have a bad time now
can not go up they already did
all right
the fleet that is wishing it
but good as you can see is a mod that does not
it's totally wrong add something more than
difficulty but especially these that what
you find in caves
with this you have to be scared with what
that runs the bug that you do not move
fly if not if my uncle does not chase me
my moves the shot but it is quite
pretty good we're going to put all here
the animals to the boy full diamond
to the sea ​​is here to see if I put
to check that he released each one though
I guess that they let go of gunpowder but
I found this that is here x
791 105 285
there is fuck the there is because of the height
but I always know that I am
halderman that is going we will remove
this and see that there is here gold bones a
Emerald is cool for those iron gold
iron bones and iron gold and a
gold armor for the good horse
today better than nothing but we are going to
check what it was loose
what I wanted to do
we just gunpowder
wonder of this we can already we could
find the millions
but not always loose but it does not matter
loose diamonds to two others
lighting this cool a lot to be able to fine-tune the
world is much better than I
I thought I thought they would let go
Gunpowder is done but fuck this is cool
much more I had loose to me to one like
it's called faith church of these faith
hills
mother of my broth what to my name
good if we already have seen this already
and let's do speed and this
sugar fruits thing this I would say that
is one of the most complicated to kill for
what runs dissolved sugar
you are a little potato that knows it but
well here is one of these these we
loose blaze bars
let's see if we see more these are the
results for these are a tasting
perfect so let's move on from them
let's see if we find a lot of lighting
of these oysters that happened that's in
diamond gave vale I guess these
they will leave much less for what I am
seeing
of these blaze bars to review in
enough also which is saving going
to the level and they are killing break and they are a
cognac
and let's see this is not a normal flu
you do not know the clippers that I want
I want to see if many of them come out but
it seems that no jobs is a shame I say
that if you drop two diamonds if
they went out a lot flipa so that there
these green fives that he gives us
face cheste
that is higher plus this result 2
ok here you are to think of less is
logical also if loose loose
normal diamonds this glass is one
you can have released me two but good
it's pretty good about all this
a lot but you have in the description
is for 1.7 point 2 and will be with
forge and so on
bye